---
layout: post
title:  "F16 Week 2: Team Ripple"
subtitle: "Teach me how to love"
date:   2016-10-10
picture: /images/blog/f16week2/ripple-boba.JPG
author: Jeffrey Chan
---

This week, I transformed into a dancer.

Well... I'm still a work in progress. After auditioning for Foundations, I was placed on team
**Ripple**, led by our Captains Sherry and Evelyn and directed by my friend Shawn. This week we 
had our first two dance practices that lasted from 8-11PM. Before even going into
practice, I was well aware that it was not too late to back out of this huge
commitment and give myself more room to focus on other priorities, but I had too much
pride to stop when I had already set myself in motion. I had to at least see the first
week of practices through.

Our first practice was definitely a rough one. We were introduced to the first
of four pieces that we would be performing at showcase, and of course, I struggled
to learn all the moves. The feeling of having so many new people around
me reminded me of how uncomfortable I get around crowds of people. There's just so many
thoughts going around, so many attempts at meeting new people being tossed around. I
could never really find my place and just stood silently apart from the crowd.

After an uncomfortable practice, they had announced that they would be recording us
dancing in groups, claiming it was 'for our own benefit.' I was terrified at the thought
of having to dance in front of my teammates, but a recording of me dancing? It's been
something I've wanted for a long time now. It would be physical proof of my endeavors to
step out of my comfort zone and enter the world so many of my friends have entered before.

Just like how I deal with any other hardship, I clenched my glutes tightly and just threw
myself out there hoping for the best. The supportive cheers of my teammates was a much
needed confidence boost. And after the worst was over, I couldn't help but smile
from the huge surge of relief, and the feeling of being one step closer to conquering my inner
demons. Despite having an 8AM the next morning, I struggled to fall asleep that night. I
couldn't hold in how proud I was of coming so far and to finally obtain a video of myself
dancing, no matter how bad I looked in the actual video.

The featured picture at the top is of my cute team at Koala-T, having a drink and
sharing some laughs.