---
layout: post
title:  "50 Things I Did in 2015"
subtitle: ""
date:   2016-12-17
picture: /images/blog/50-things-2015/2015.png
author: Jeffrey Chan
---

Life's pretty short so I thought I would keep a list of memorable things
throughout the year so I don't forget everything when I get older.

**Note**: I compiled this list at the end of 2015 and probably forgot many events,
which is why the list is pretty short (I wanted at least 100).

1. Celebrated my birthday with my family and many homies
2. Bought my first lottery ticket after turning 18
3. Developed an unhealthy addiction to hot cheetos
4. Cooked chili for the first time during my 4th homeless shelter event with **GAWHS Red Cross Club #ChiliManChan**
5. Spent Valentine's Day with a couple of nerds who traveled up with me to participate in the annual **Stanford Math Tournament #TeamPineapple**
6. Participated in my 2nd regional **Science Olympiad Competition** at Occidental College  
**Fun Fact:** President Obama attended Occidental College way back when
7. Placed 3rd in **Compound Machines** and 4th in **Protein Modeling** with my partners Vivian Lu and Joshua Leung
8. Got accepted into UCLA, thus beginning my journey to conquer UCLA
9. Got asked to **Sadies** by my homie **Kelli Iwamoto** after Billy fooled me into thinking he would buy me ice cream
10. Gave a short and awkward speech to some parents at Mesa Robles and Cedarlane middle school about Science Olympiad
11. Was tricked once again into thinking I had to give a speech in front of district board members about Science Olympiad, but I actually didn't have to
12. Surprised David Kim on his birthday with a collage of picturs and a pre-paid dinner
13. Contributed to my first stop-motion video made by Billy Wen for our Math HL project
14. Went to Prom with **Pearl Liang**, the saltiest couch potato in my friend pool
15. Went through my last set of AP Tests ever
16. Went to my last Red Cross banquet and acquired many selfies with the rest of the cabinet
17. Went to my last Science Olympiad banquet, passed on the torch to the next generation of officers, and took many selfies (of course)
18. Graduated high school, received my diploma, and celebrated afterwards with hot cheetos that **Jeffrey Zhang** and **Cynthia Li** brought for me
19. Left my tutoring job at Kumon in search of new beginnings
20. Went to Hawaii with my Nakama!
21. Experienced my first plane ride in which my ears didn't explode (It was a pretty monumental moment for me)
22. Almost learned how to surf (there weren't that many swells and I found out I wasn't gifted at it)
23. Explored my first cave and survived even though I had got hella claustrophobic
24. Failed to protect my friend Stephanie Lee from a wasp. To this day, I'm not quite sure if she forgave me
25. Purchased a replacement iPhone because I left my old phone in the pocket of my swim trunks as I ran into the Hawaiian waters
26. Went to Los Altos' and Temple City's graduation ceremonies to takes pictures with my friends
27. Watched Inside Out
28. Filled out a "Why You're so Awesome" booklet for Kelli's birthday
29. Went to Anime Expo 2015 after binging anime for months
30. Went to karaoke for the first time
31. Went to my first college orientation at UCLA and cried when my dad dropped me off  
**Note**: When he dropped me off, he gave me a pen because he was worried I wouldn't have one to write things down. Despite already having one, I took it and teared up a bit becaues Pops always does these things and soon enough I won't be receiving them everyday.
32. **GOT BRUINTIZED**
33. Moved into my first dorm at UCLA and, unexpectedly, did **NOT** cry before or after my parents left
34. Joined the IEEE Student Branch at UCLA
35. Met BuzzFeed Keith outside **The Improv Space** when going to attend his improv comedy show
36. Had my first Fat Sal's sandwich
37. Soldered for the first time under the guidance of Cullen Quine and Ted Akiyama senpai
38. Went to my first career fair
39. Benched a plate for the first time
40. Received my first succulent and named it Haruto
41. Had my first sips of alcohol
42. Reunited with my friends and family during Thanksgiving break and celebrated friendship
43. Collaborated with my teammates on team Hello World! to participate in **Thales' Project Arduino** competition
44. Went to my first Beat 'SC Bonfire in which our floor's wood block burned at the very top of the fire
45. Started my own personal webiste (this one)
46. Watched the movie Creed with my friends
47. Had boiling point for the first time
48. Burned my tongue because I ate most of my boiling point without cooling it off first
49. Had my first Secret Santa with my Nakama and received a scarf made out of dragon scales
50. Celebrated Christmas and New Years with family and friends! To a new year, to great friends and family, and to new adventures awaiting me!