---
layout: post
title:  "F16 Week 3: Egg Drop Soup"
subtitle: ""
date:   2016-10-17
picture: /images/blog/f16week2/ripple-boba.JPG
author: Jeffrey Chan
---

This morning I walked out of my Math 61 midterm feeling horrible. It was one
of those midterms that wouldn't have gone any better, even if I had put in
extra hours of study. It required intuition with problem solving and 
on-the-spot creativity, which made the exam pretty difficult yet fair. But coming
out of that midterm, I was certain of one thing:

**It was time to drop Foundations.**

For the past two weeks as a member of Team Ripple, I have been putting
in 6 hours a week for practice and extra time outside of practice just to
make sure I attend socials and practice my moves. Would I have done better
on my midterm if I had invested all that time towards academics? Probably not.
But even if I spent all that time shut up in my room being unproductive, it
would've given me a better sense of assurance knowing that I wasn't investing it
into a luxury, such as Foundations.

What would happen if I dropped Foundations? Maybe I could finally trim down my
huge stack of work that I come home every day to. Myabe I could finally fill
out some job applications and discover what I would be doing over the summer.
Mabye I could finally learn Java. As the possibilities filled my head, I grew
more enticed and was so ready just to finally shove the fish down the toilet
and never look back.

The feeling of freedom that came with just the thought of dropping Foundations
made me want to jump up and celebrate. It was finally time to put 100% of my
daily effort into my priorities.

But I wanted to write this post not to tell you about the benefits of dropping
Foundations. I wanted to right this post to pay my respects to Foundations
and record the heavy feelings that have gone through my mind since making this
critical decision.

Team Ripple was my home. It was my family. It was my escape from the extremely
competitive nature of my field of study. I never regretted a minute of coming to
practice and was always eager to push myself to become the best dancer I could be.
With all the creative and unique social events and just coming to practice, I
became grew fond of all of my teammates. It crushed me knowing that I would have
to leave all of them behind in order to pursue something else. 

Letting my friend Shawn know was probably the hardest part of my decision. From
the moment Shawn caught me lurking around a VSU Modern dance workshop, he seemed
as if to grown attached to me, and continued to support me in every way he could
during my time in Team Ripple. I would always look up to Shawn because despite
also having the workload of an EE major, he would put so much time into taking care
of both me and the team, and that made me think, "how could I do any less?"
Telling him that I would not be able to continue
dancing must've been devastating, and I hope that he understands that none of this
was his fault.

Along with Shawn, our director Rico was also hard to part with. Rico was one to
always encourage the right type of behavior within a dance team and would always
push us to be ourselves as we danced and expressed ourselves. The attitude that he
embodied during practice was one of the key reason I wanted to continue dancing
and continue being a part of such a supportive group of people. After Rico heard
of me leaving the team, he immediately sent me some kind words and reminded me
that I was alwasy welcomed back. That was extremely sweet, and I'm grateful I got
to know someone like Rico during my time on Team Ripple.

And of course, although I didn't explicity mention them, I'm grateful to both my
captains and all my teammates in Team Ripple. We developed bonds and grew close
to one another, and I truly thought of them as a sort of second family. It pains
me knowing that I wouldn't be able to continue on with them.

What I wanted more than anything when I joined Foundations was to perform on the
big stage. I would constantly imagine being up on the stage, having all my friends
and family screaming for me, having Jiwan bring me flowers, and proving to everyone
that I was strong enough to balance both my coursework and stepping out of my comfort
zone to explore dance. What I wanted more than anything was form unbreakable bonds with
my team and shed a bucket of tears at our team banquet at the end of the year. But in
the end, I wanted a bit too much, and it came to the extremely difficult decision of
choosing one part of my life over the other. However, I still have my memories. I have
memories of spending time with my team, enduring through long practices, and even sharing
our sadnesses over a bonfire at Dockweiler beach. These memories remain a jewel in my
life and I will continue to hold them close to me as I move forward to my goals. Who knows,
maybe I'll end up pursuing dance again when I find the time.