---
layout: post
title:  "100 Things I Did in 2017"
date:   2018-01-02
author: Jeffrey Chan
---

Here are some memorable moments of my 2017!

This year involved a lot of growing and learning, and I'm excited to continue
moving forward into 2018!

1.  Went to my first Consumer Electronics Showcase (CES) in Las Vegas with IEEE for Winter retreat
2.  Revealed to Christine that I was her Secret Santa and gave her a set of field cones and a new pair of earphones
3.  Emerson Death March part 2 where we walked all the way to the Cosmopolitan and collected stripper cards along the way
4.  Ate at the Wicked Spoon Buffet in the Cosmopolitan in Vegas and destroyed 6 cuts of prime rib
5.  Had Tacos el Gordo for the first time while at retreat
6.  Had dimsum at NBC with Kyle, Kathleen, and Matthew
7.  Had dinner with Kevin Balke where I drilled him with questions about his experience at Google and his passion for firmware and embedded systems, contributing to my decision on whether to switch from EE to CSE
8.  Finally joined Advanced Projects after a bad Fall quarter
9.  Provided shelter for Brittnie Phan and Julie Wong while they and the rest of Wanda’s crew visited UCLA
10. Volunteered for 6 hours IDEA Hacks and received a nice jacket with my name on it
11. Had an arts and crafts session with Wanda and Jordan were we put together a globe polyhedron made from a Facebook poster
12. Went out to Emporium Thai with the squad to celebrate my birthday which included some delicious coconut flavored ice cream at the end
13. Had our last IDEA Hacks meeting of the 16-17 year where we shared ideas and comments on how to make the next year even better
14. Attended a SWE Etiquette Dinner up in Boelter Penthouse and learned a little more about table manners and how to hold conversations with recruiters
15. Met my GB in person for the first time at the GB kickoff training event where we played the fruit game #TeamPineapple
16. Attended a cUBS mixer event and met my fellow mentees that’ll be spending the program with me
17. Headed over to TLT for some sick Korean-Mexican fusion cuisine with Kevin’s and my GB for our first ever GB social
18. Received a Re:Zero poster and a hentai comic book from Minh as a Secret Santa gift
19. Heavily tilted Wanda with a comment about GMS and sent over some candy and a note again
20. Went to the Winter 2017 Engineering Technical fair
21. Had a long talk with Wanda in Covel Commons about how insane we both were, and how we would pull each other out if we ever strayed from our paths
22. Went home for Chinese New Year and celebrated with both sides of the family
23. Had a civilized talk with my mom about my plans for the future, especially regarding Grad school
24. Stayed in the IEEE lab until 1PM and had my first police escort back to The Hill
25. Interviewed with Symantec and got an on-site interview
26. Went through my first design review for Advanced Projects and actually passed because I knew something
27. Had Dumpling Night with the IEEE officer board and wrapped some pretty ugly dumplings
28. Participated in Hack on the Hill 2 with Jordan and Grand and built threadly-on-node
29. Went to Santa Monica with Wanda, Natalie, and Jordan and took basic pictures
30. Found out with Michael that Jiwan and Allison have started dating
31. Rolled out the Research Funding post for The Stack
32. Went out to Venice Beach to celebrate Robert’s birthday, then came back to drink and celebrate Jiwan’s birthday
33. Went to my second Casino Night on The Hill and won nothing
34. Locked myself out of the IEEE lab while attempting to finish a lab and had to walk all the way back to the hill for help, only to come back and find out that Thomas opened the lab while I was gone
35. Traveled to West Hollywood to interview with Whalerock Industries, during which I experienced AWS S3 being down for quite a while
36. Watched Waitress the musical with friends and then bumped into two out of the three waitresses at Covel with Wanda the next morning
37. Went to Six Flags with Sohni and Jiwan
38. Visited a couple of apartments with my roommate group to find our new home.
39. Escorted Kelly Seto to her dinner with Jake
40. Spent a night in Engr IV with my GB and Kelly Ellis working on the EE 141 project
41. Received an offer for an internship position at Whalerock Industries
42. Went to Chicago with the Chicahoes. We visited the Field Museum, the Sledd Aquarium, the Adler Plantarium, Skydeck, 360Chicago, The Bean, Buckingham Fountain, Magnificent Mile, some really dope food places like The Purple Pig and Burger Shack Chicago, and topped it off with an improv show at The Second City. Mad bonding occurred
43. Attended my first LA Hacks in order to feed myself for the weekend and tinker on personal projects.
44. Went to IEEE’s last GM of the year
45. Met Jen FrmHeadtoToe at a Beauty and Cosmetics speaker event at Humanities 135
46. Started working for SARP and built a bubble chart graphic that visualized a patient's activity
47. Got accepted into ACM DevX and got placed on the Bruin Connections team
48. Got drunk for the first time when drinking with Kenny in Nihar's room in Landing 7
49. Went home for the weekend to celebrate Kenny’s birthday
50. Went to my first Daily Bruin Online retreat at The Dome in the mountains near San Bernardino
51. Went to a fundrager hosted by Creative Labs and Design for America and had a lot of fun
52. Volunteered in my second Warner’s Slam event where we showed off a lot of EE demos to elementary school students
53. Hosted a successful GB Olympics with my GB
54. Soft Launch of Bruin Connections after going through a very grueling hell week
55. Went home for Mother’s day weekend and celebrated at Uncle Paul’s place
56. Went to Spring Sing 2017
57. Made a move onto my Bruin Connections match by trying to talk to her first and keep her interested
58. Went to Moonshots 2, got destroyed, but didn't die. Most memorable moment was when Sohni held me for quite a bit of time... and then went for a dip in the pool. And then there was that Akhil thing
59. Went to the Foundations Choreography Showcase to support Wanda
60. Got late night with Wanda, and then told each other juicy updates on what’s been happening
61. Went to my second IEEE banquet at Fresh Grill and took many pictures with my fellow officers, old and new
62. Delivered our final presentation for Engr 112 on Jam
63. Went out to get Costco, Benitos, and Cafe 50’s with the GB. We kept saying that we would stop eating, but we kept hopping to different places
64. Went to my first EEPROM, stuffed myself with unhealthy Italian food and went hard on some karaoke
65. Went to Kelly’s Winds of China performance and Wanda’s Foundations Showcase
66. Presented Bruin Connections at DevX Demo Day, Kelly and Wanda came to support!
67. Had a long talk with the Bruin Connections team on the vision and future of Bruin Connections
68. Got buzzed, made a speech in front of some of my Landing 7 friends, and went out to watch Wonder Woman with Wanda and Natalie
69. Moved into Ophir Terrace as my center of operations for the Summer
70. Attended the school of engineering’s commencement ceremony for Robert Devlin and several other friends
71. Started working at Whalerock Industries and learned about the sick internal team tools that they use
72. Went to Anime Expo 2017 with Ams, Sam, and Teddy and splurged an unmentionable amount of money
73. Saw fireworks with Natalie and Daniel at Expo Park next to USC for July 4th
74. Sat through a session with Senior Software Engineer Spencer Sui on the topic of the Django MVT framework, PostGreSQL, Redis, and ElasticSearch
75. Went out to Bibigo with Natalie and Daniel
76. Had lunch with Kunal at BNC and got a sick Roast Beef sandwich
77. Went to 626 Night Market with Natalie, Daniel, and Andrew Wei
78. Had KBBQ with Daniel, Natalie, and Andrew Wei at Bud Namu, and had dinner at Kitchen Story with Robert, Caroline, and Michael Moon
79. Had dinner at Bibigo with Andrew Wei after moving a bunch of furniture out of Kelton 655. Came back to a drunk Danny Silva and had to help take care of him after he threw up.
80. Went out on a KBBQ date with Ellie Yoon, someone I matched with on Coffee Meets Bagel
81. Spent a weekend at Pismo beach with the IEEE officer board for Fall Retreat 2017
82. Had a team lunch with my team at Whalerock at ROC Dumplings
83. Signed the lease to Kelton 655 apartment 313 and left Whalerock Industries on the same day
84. Went to Napa Valley with my family, ate at some shitty asian buffets, visited a mission at Santa Maria and saw a beer fest, sat through a Napa Valley wine train, and visited Redwood forest
85. Went out to lunch with Eason at Boiling Point. Went to Kopan and Egames with Sarah, Josh, Kelli, and Kristin, and then went over to Josh’s house to play The Question Game (or a game just like Drunk, Stoned, Stupid). There was a question that asked which three players would we want to see in a threesome, and me, Josh, and Kelli agreed that we wanted to see the three girls playing to be in a threesome. Weird
86. Moved into my apartment at Kelton 655, and then later went grocery shopping with Wanda
87. Had a very lit 0 week by going to Bruin Bash, going out to three parties in one night, dancing with Wanda, going out on a spontaneous Santa Monica trip and ate at Plan Check, worked at Enormous Activities Fair and Engineering Welcome Day, ran around campus with Allison
88. Got destroyed at Ashwin’s birthday party and literally felt like death as I forced myself to attend DESMA 10 the next morning
89. Went to an ACM Halloween party hosted by Kevin, where I got the bitch cup in a game of rage cage, which sent me to the shadow realm
90. Went to Allison’s Birthday Party. Why do I not remember what happened at this event???
91. Revived Peterman Bot, and released the IDEA Hacks website
92. Hosted a UCLA Radio show with DJ Char-latte, where we talked about CS memes, #NoNutNovember, and things we were thankful for
93. Spent Thanksgiving at home with dad's side of the family. Totally thought that I didn't know the gender of Chrstine's baby, but it turns out that they emailed us, and I even replied to that email
94. Received and accepted a job offer from Blend!!!
95. Celebrated Sohni’s upcoming 21st birthday at 456 Landfair
96. Formed my second General Board with Serene
97. Attended Foundation’s Fall 2017 showcase to support Wanda and friends. Met up and sat with Becky and her roommate
98. Went out to C&O Cucina with Wanda and Jordan to eat some garlic knots and pasta to celebrate the fact that we’ve achieved our job offers, and our dreams for the most part
99. Received company swag from blend in a box that mom mistook for a customer return. The gift included a shirt, socks, chocolate, a pen, several blend pins, and a handwritten note from my recruiter Yvana Pham
100.  Invested in personal training at 24 hour fitness, because I've had goals for a very long time, and had to face the fact that I was not making any progress towards it with the weak mindset that I have
101.  Spent Christmas and New Year’s with a bunch of friends and family. Had a game night at Nikita’s new Diamond Bar house where we played Avalon and I was Merlin. Went outlet shopping, had Dim Sum, when to Christmas Eve dinner. Gave parents license plate frames as Christmas gifts and received some pretty cool gifts myself. Hung out with Kelly, Jordan, and Natalie Fetchen at Souplantation and Hide Out where we have some pretty good conversations. Hung out with Ru-Ping and Jennifer at Jazz Cat and Tea Station
102.  Spent time on a yacht in Newport Beach for the CMIT reunuion. Had lemon drop shots with friends. Got drinks and had Raising Cane’s before chilling for a while at Jessie’s apartment at UCI

# Honorable Mentions:

1.  In this one year, I struggled through CS 35L, CS 111, Physics 1C, EE 141, and CS 180 with Jiwan Kang
2.  In this one year, I met all of my friends from Landing 7, whom are some of my closest friends now
3.  In this one year, I struggled hard and found three jobs (Whalerock, SARP, and blend)
4.  In this one year, I went through 3 quarters of Bruin Meet, probably my coolest project yet
5.  In this one year, I hit the lowest point of my college GPA
