---
layout: post
title: "My Setup"
date: 2019-10-26
author: Jeffrey Chan
pathname: "2019-10-26-my-setup"
permalink: notes/my-setup
---

# Machines
Apple Macbook Pro 2016   
Nintendo Switch (First Gen)  
Sony PS4 Pro

# Monitors
HP Z27 4K UHD 60FPS

# Keyboard and Mouse
Mouse: Razer DeathAdder Chroma (2014)  
Keyboard: Razer BlackWidow Tournament Edition V2 (2017)  
Apple Magic Trackpad 2 (use at home with my Macbook)

# Speakers
A set of old speakers I've had at home for as long as I can remember.

# How it all first together
The HP Z27 supports so many inputs including USBC, HDMI, DisplayPort, and
Mini DisplayPort. It also has audio output. I connect my Switch with
HDMI to HDMI, my PS4 Pro via HDMI to Mini DisplayPort, my Macbook via
USBC to USBC, and my speakers in the audio output, and just use the buttons
on the monitor to switch between devices.

# Razer
Found out about this company way back when league of legends came out.
The pro teams would be sponsored by them. Of course there are also the other
popular competitors like HyperX, Corsair, Alienware, etc. Razer's super cool
design, and their products work great, so i've been a loyal fan, since I've
grown accustomed and any other product feels alien to me.

Mouse  
I have the DeathAdder Chroma, but the DeathAdder Elite seems to be the current
model.

Keyboard  
I used to have a 2013 Razer BlackWidow Ultimate keyboard. The Razer BlackWidow
is still in their lineup of keyboard, but I oped for the Tournament Edition V2
when looking for an upgrade. The numpad on the side of the keyboard makes it
too long.

I also used to have the Razer green clicky switches, but switched to the Orange
silent switches to be a little less annoying at work and home.
